
Revision 1 Errata and Notes
===========================

- I put all the surface mount chips on first without programming the CPLD, and it caused almost 1.5A
  of current draw from the transceivers outputting into each other (very bad).  This also happens
  when programming the CPLD, because the /OE signals are active low, and when those outputs (driven
  by the CPLD) are high impedence during programming, it causes them to output into eachother again
  and get hot enough to burn my fingers.  I absolutely need to add logic to only enable one at a
  time, or pull the /OE signals high when not driven low.

- the JTAG connector labels are misleading and there's no pin 1 indicator, so it would be easy to
  connect it backwards

- inrush current is about 1.4A even though in only takes 100mA without the socketed chips.  Maybe
  you should add a 100 ohm resistor to limit the inrush, at least for select components

- the oscillator with a 50MHz crystal seems to be going at 16.666 MHz instead, and I think it's the
  15k resistor across the crystal.  I'm seeing 1M ohm or even higher used in a lot of places.  If I
  put a big resistor in parallel (which should actually reduce the resistance below 15k), it starts
  going at 50MHz, so it's definitely related to the resistor, but I'll have to play with sizes.  It
  turns out a 1K worked instead

- I've hooked up the USB-C connector incorrectly.  I only wired up one differential pair, but I
  should have jumped them to the matching pair, which are broken out as separate pins, and I also
  needed to add 5.1k pull down resistors to the CC1 and CC2 signals.  Apparently these are required.
  That said, I'm using a cable that only has the 4 pin USB-A connector on the other end, so I'm not
  sure this alone can explain why it's not enumerating at all.  As it turned out, it's working now,
  and I haven't tested it since I reflowed the FTDI so maybe that fixed it

- the FTDI disconnects whenever power is cycled to the board, unlike the other boards I've had.
  This is because I wired it up as a self-powered device and not a bus-powered device like the
  adapter boards I have.  This could be annoying in practice, so I should consider changing how the
  FTDI itself is powered

- the jumper silkscreen labels aren't clear with respect to the logic value, and the symbol doesn't
  reflect whether the jumper should be installed or not

- the VRESET signal was not connected to the bus, so it wasn't pulled up during initial bringup and
  that was causing the CPU to reset sporadically, which was difficult to narrow down except by
  recognizing that touching the board was somehow causing it, but unreliably, and looking at what
  was connected around those areas

- if you had a power jumper for all 5V for the board (on every board, not just this one), you could
  figure out which board is drawing what current

- the CPLD can't directly see the upper 8 address lines, besides knowing that they're all high, so
  it can't determine if all the upper 8 address lines are all low, which means it can't properly
  select the local peripherals leaving the A40 space free.  Instead, it can only keep the A24 space
  free but if any request is in the range of the local peripherals (XX00_0000 to XX30_0000 for rom
  and ram, XX70_0000 for serial), it will issue a local request instead of an A40 VME request

